🔧(front) enable smacks in converse conf when websocket is used (#1129)
openfun/marsha: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Added

> - enable smacks in converse conf when websocket is used

Reviewer: Maybe add a word about  the feature smacks would enable ?
```suggestion
- reconnect converse with bosh when websocket is used through smacks configuration
```

Author: that's not `smacks` job to do that. Smacks prevent to lose message when a user is disconnected by hibernating the user session https://modules.prosody.im/mod_smacks

Switching between bosh and websocket is a built-in converse feature that doesn't need extra configuration.

Reviewer: Oh, ok sorry.
But I still think we should explain what will change.

Author: I should add the link added in my previous comment ?

Reviewer: Maybe, yes

Author: Done
